add(notes:docs-team): add meeting notes for may 16th (#278)
emberjs/core-notes: docs-team/2019-05/may-16.md

JW: Octane won’t ship with an LTS, meaning the earliest release with which it might ship is 3.13. There’s still some work to be done on the API docs when the beta is cut and other places.

CM: And in 3.11 it can’t happen then?

JW: How the release process works so far, betas are cut 6 weeks in advance, and since the current beta doesn’t contain all the Octane relevant features and therefore can’t be the release candidate for Octane

CM: And why not 3.12 because of LTS?

JW: Yeah, we still want to focus on keeping the LTS schedule going, even though moving the LTS was under considered briefly

JW: It's important to keep in mind that 3.13 is a potential candidate, but it should not be communicated as being the definite candidate, since we cannot tell for sure right now when Octane is really going to ship

### Handbook Update on Merge Reqs
JW: I just added a PR for updating our handbook according to the updates we were talking about a while ago. Already approved by Chris and Mel, but I’ll post the link another time into the chat to ensure consensus on this

### Ember API Docs MR from a Workshop Contributor
CM: Can someone have a look to see how this works and if it’s alright?

> SK: Unfortunately tests are failing on master so we can’t review or merge anything right now, but someone can take a look once the test suite is fixed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SK: Unfortunately tests are failing on master so we can’t review or merge anything right now. I’ll try to get that sorted out soon & work with the contributor to land that PR. 
```

Author: Thank you :sparkles:
